Oh, Lord.
Dive on them just to hear the word of God
Oh, your toe won't connect you to you.
Foot bone on your foot, won't connect you to you.
Ankle bone on your ankle, won't connect you to you.
Leg bone on your leg, won't connect you to you.
Knee bone on your knee, won't connect you to you.
Side bone on your thigh, won't connect you to you.
Here a bone line, your hips won't connect you to you.
Back bone line, your backs won't connect you to you.
Know the bone line, your shoulder won't connect you to you.
Next bone line, your neck won't connect you to you.
Jaw bone line, your jaw won't connect you to you.
Here a bone, just to hear the word of God.
Oh, Lord, it's in the bone.
Dive on them.